Ah, OK, I see.
What's up?
My boss is poisonous.
He asked me to support overtime now
Don't be too angry.
After all, your salary is double that of mine.
Working overtime is normal
It's just that I may not be able to drive this car.
You can take a taxi
No need for that.
It's very close, I'll pass it when I leave.
OK, then you pay attention to safety
Secretary Jiang, Mr. Gu asked me to go in and support
I didn't wear this broken bracelet last time
Obviously angry
This time with a bracelet.
He's going to love it.
Mr. Gu, I made you wolfberry chrysanthemum tea
Can clear the liver and eyesight
Eliminate fatigue
You drink it and leave it alone
Mr. Gu, you have been tired all day
Do you want me to give you a massage to relax?
I'll give you three seconds.
Disappeared in my study
Why compare this woman who slept all night
I'd rather be with someone else's fiancee
Miss Li
Miss, what are you doing here?